scene when animals attack you've seen
amazing high-speed police chases and now
coming soon to HBO when animals attack
in high-speed chases to this man has
just robbed the bank he's being pursued
by cops he is traveling at speeds in
excess of a hundred miles an hour if he
makes it to the exit ramp the police
will not be able to catch him only one
thing can stop him now
when animals attack in high-speed chases
hi I'm Bob Watkins the host of when
animals attack in high-speed chases to
on this show you'll see graphic images
of bloody animal attacks and the messy
remains of horrible car accidents over
and over and over again let's see that
first crash again the squirrel was
killed but amazingly the driver survived
I didn't mind the squirrel attack I
didn't even mind rolling 17 times but
don't come for me after I've broken
every bone in my body this is Anna
Warner victim of a vicious animal attack
my husband and me were camping and kill
a bear park the park ranger said they
had been bear sightings in the past but
there was nothing to worry about now
basically I lied out of no way a car
come speeding into the car with a bear
at the wheel
if not to see my husband thank God was
killed instantly what amazingly i live
and i knew that attack was not an
accident could the data backed up and
drove over me have you gone seven times
here is a police photo of hannah just
after the attack what Anna didn't know
at the time was there was also a deer in
the car riding shotgun after the attack
in the park officers pursued the bear
and the deer the bear didn't have a
license was baffled by right turns on
red for a few miles the deer takes the
wheel but hits a deer and the bear takes
the wheel back later the arrogant bear
gives the police the finger this causes
the bear to lose control and the cops
run him off the road the deer tries to
toss beer cans out the car the beer is
taken into custody in need the bear
surrenders once out of the vehicle he
pretends to be hurt but then shoves an
officer aside and makes a break for the
woods it races on in desperation the
bear runs into a nearby home the bear
tries to disguise himself as a fancy
program but offices are not
they cut the rope they also arrest
another rug just to be on the safe side
you'll be spending the next 20 years in
jail as smokey the bitch so Joey looks
weak on
when animals attack in high-speed chases